CORE-36133 Moving running commands to docker exec | adding copyright to scripts (#3)
adobe/experience-platform-streaming-connect: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

The `inletUrl` in the response above is the AEP Streaming Connection to which the real time events will be getting
sinked to.

### Run AEP Streaming Connector

> Once the Connect server is running on port 8083, you can use REST APIs to launch multiple instances of connectors.

Reviewer: You can use Kakf
```suggestion
Once the Connect server is running on port 8083, you can use Kafka Connect APIs to create multiple instances of AEP Streaming connector.
```
